# f-prop_issues
A repository for firmware issues and support queries for the F-Prop player

The F-Prop is a standalone prop player which can:

	- Play 2 strings of 1024 WS2811 (or compatible) pixels. 5A fuse protected.
	- Play audio.
	- Over 15MB of onboard memory for pixel and audio data thus not requiring ongoing use of a SD card once programmed.
	- 5 and 12V compatible.
	- Change what is being played based on:
		- Up to 6 input triggers **
			- Any sensor/trigger that can provide a digital signal can be used including audio, PIR, reed, and switch sensors.
		- Ultrasonic distance sensor **
		- Inbuilt vibration sensor
		- 16 inbuilt timers
	- Inbuilt effects and able to play FSEQ pixel data generated by xLights and other pixel sequencing software.
	- Output up to 6 digital signals for controlling relays **
	- Board is less than 2"x2.5"
	
Ideally suited for:

	- Selfie stations
	- Animated tune to and audience direction signs
	- Building just provide power animated props for neighbours, family & friends
	- Demos and tradeshows to run props
	- Interactive halloween prop control
	- Door hangers that visitors
	- Kitchen and architectural lighting
	
** These items share pins and thus using 1 may limit the availability of others

# To download the FL3 file:

1. Click on the .fl3 file above
2. Near the right hand side of the screen will be a Raw button followed by 2 icons. The rightmost button is the download. Click that button to download the file.
3. The file will download to the usual location when you download files to your computer.
4. Now you can place it on an SD card to load it.

If the f-prop complains the file is not valid in the fepbl.log file the most likely reasons are downloading it incorrectly.

If all else fails email Support and we will email you the file.

WARNING: Do NOT right click on the filename and select "Save Link As" ... this will not download a valid file!
